## Description ##

This directory contains the HDL code for GCVideo Lite.

## Features ##

Current features:

* Analog RGB and Component output
* SPDIF audio output

## Connecting the SPDIF output ##

The SPDIF output is on one of the four pins in the "SPARE" block in
the corner of the GCVideo Lite board. Of these four pins, one should
be square instead of rounded and it should have lines around it
seperating it from the other three - this pin is the FPGA pin that
outputs the SPDIF signal. It is **not** suitable for direct connection
to a coaxial SPDIF input.

To connect that SPDIF pin to our audio device without killing the
FPGA, please use either one of the buffer circuits shown
[here](http://www.hardwarebook.info/S/PDIF_output) or use a
3.3V-compatible optical Toslink transmitter, for example a Lite-On
LTDL-TX12P03, Everlight PLT133 or something from the Toshiba TOTX series.

Please note that due to hardware constraints the SPDIF signal has a
small amount of jitter. In my tests this has not resulted in any
compatibility or audio-quality problems, but if you happen to
encounter a device that has issues with the SPDIF signal generated by
GCVideo, there is probably not much that can be done about it.

## Precompiled Bitstreams ##

There are three precompiled bitstreams in this directory, a `.bit`, a
`.jed` and a `.svf` file. Lattice Diamond will accept either one for programming
the internal configuration flash, but that process always fails for me
unless I use the `.jed` file. On the other hand, the quick SRAM upload
requires the `.bit` file, so both have been included. The `.svf` file
is useful for programming the chip with non-Lattice tools which
support SVF playback, e.g. Xilinx' Impact.

## Changes ##

Version 1.0 - initial release  
Version 1.1 - added SPDIF output
